Today is our 10th
Friendiversary.
10 years ago, four kids entereda Chuck E. Cheese ball pit
as strangers,
but they emerged...
[ Sniffles ]
They emerged
best friends.
[ Wailing ]
I promised myself
I wouldn't do this!
Let's skip the speech
and go straight to dessert.
[ R&B music plays ]
♪ In a Chuck E. Cheese
♪ These four boys will meet
♪ It's our Friendiversary
♪ Friendiversary
♪ We're Snot, we're Barry,
we're Steve, and Toshi ♪
♪ It's our Friendiversary
♪ Friendiversary
♪ It's our
Friendiversary-y-y-y-y ♪
Squash, squash, squash!
Squash, squash!
Roger needs
a squash partner!
-Roger!
-Steve!
Big squash tourney
tomorrow.
I need you to be
my squash partner.
Squash.
I don't even know
what squash is.
What?!Everyone knows squash.
-Roger.
-Squash.
It's our Friendiversary.
My week is jam-packed
with friendship activities.
Jam-packed!
But, Steve --
I'm not gonna
ditch my friends.
Sorry, you'll need to find
another squash partner.
Everybody at the club
is paired up,
and the club doesn't allow
blacks, Jews, or women.
That rules out my tennis
partner, Rashika Greenblatt.
The racism is thick, but so is
the club's lobster bisque,
which is why
I'll never walk away.
♪♪
♪ Good morning, U.S.A.
♪ I got a feelin' thatit's gonna be a wonderful day ♪
♪ The sun in the sky
has a smile on his face ♪
♪ And he's shinin' a salute
to the American race ♪
♪ Oh, boy, it's swell to say
♪ Good -- ♪ Good morning, U.S.A.
Aah!
♪ Good morning, U.S.A.
If you have
the legendary shards,
I recommend you visit Xur
on Titan
and purchase the Wardcliff CoilRocket Launcher.
[ Groans ]
Then get the legendary shards,you [bleep] licking suckboy!
Third graders.
I can't believe it.
I asked Steve
to play squash
and he wouldn't cancel plans
with his friends.
Those guys are tight,bro.
They remind me of
my boys in Tampa.
You don't have friends
in Tampa.
[ Chuckling ]
Okay, pal.
Then why do I
have a tattoo
of an alligator in a bikinidriving down I-4?
[ Man screams]Oh, you made me lose!
Make him lose...
his friends.
Excellent idea, Klaus!
[ Woman shouting indistinctly]
Slow down, lady.
Your son is a liar.
What?!
He was the one swearing at me,
and he made a Chinese joke!
[ Shouting continues ]
Oh, w-- Well, I'm Chinese, too!
[ Urinating, humming ]
Man,
look at the splash back.
Got that
Super Soaker thrust.
You're just painting those
Entertainment Weekly's
in the magazine rack.[ Zips pants ]
Your flattery won't get meto play squash.
Squ-what?
[ Laughs ]
I haven't thought about that
in ages.
You seemed really into it,like, 10 minutes ago.
Speaking of minutes ago,
how many has it been
since Barry ate?
What a fat guy,
don't you think?
He does struggle
with weight,
but I love my Care Bare,big or small.
Speaking of small,
what about Snot's bank account,am I right?
Oh, Snotter, so poor in money,so rich in character.
You're impossible.
I'm not gonna
keep recording over
all my great business ideas
for this crap.
Roger: A novelty device that  transforms Julia Child's voice
into a deep,
scary monster voice.
Oh, wait.
Oh, wait, did I miss my stop?
I'm looking for
the ferry to Alcatraz.
Or is it swimmable?
I'm on a budget.
This is my first time
in San Francisco.
That's not true.
Why did I say that?
I almost lost this
because of you!
This is
pretty interesting.
Four 12-year-old kidsdesigned a computer
that destroyed
all of Cincinnati.
-Wow.
-Oh, misread it.
It was 412 1-year-olds.
That's a lot
less interesting.
You guys aren't gonna
believe this.
Jeff has a talent!
-Bullshit.
-It's true.
We were just watchingthe house-renovation show
"Flip or Flop,"and Jeff knew when to flip
and he knew when to flop.
I did.
How is this possible?
Mom, when you look around
the house, what do you see?
Walls.
Just a lot of walls.
[ Scoffs ] Walls.
What a noob.
What do we see, Jeff,you and I?
When I look at a house,
I can see
beyond the walls...
-Uh-huh.
-...above the ceiling...
-That's right.
-...and below the floor.
-Bingo.
-I can see its bones.
Happy now, Francine?
If we combine his instincts
with your money,
the sky's the limit.
The sky, you say?
He's surveying
the bones of our house.
He is? Well,
don't hold out on us, Jeff.
What do you see?
[ Breathes deeply ]
Your house
has great bones.
-[ Sighs ]
-Wow, he's good.
Do me, do me!
How are my bones?
[ Breathes deeply ]
You're not a house,
Mr. S.
A goddamn master.
Kick those legs,
Barry!
I can't do it!
Swan!
I'll never learn to swim.
[ Coaxingly ] Barry.
Barry.
[ Chuckles ]
Stop making me laugh.
There's that smile!
Aww, I love you guys.
Steve, I set up a cabana
and filled it with strippers.
Roger, go away.
It's Friendiversary
swim day.
Why don't you come over here
and swim into some strange?
This is Steve, the underage boyI was telling you about.
You really don't get it,huh?
These are my friends,
and I'll neverturn my back on them.
You can tell yourself that,
but you'll slip up,
just like I told myself I was
never gonna see
another Woody Allen movie,
but there I was,
first in line
for "Blue Jasmine."
So boring, so good.
[ Dog barking,
siren wailing in distance ]
This neighborhood
looks kind of seedy.
Is that a Satanic church
next door?
They practice Santería.
I don't know the difference,but I'm told there is one.
Has anyone died in here?
It feels like
someone died in here.
No! God no.
The last owner was stabbed
in the house,
but he managed to crawl
to the lawn before he died.
Jeff,
tell us about the house.
Quite possibly the greatest
bones I've ever seen.
Let's see them bones!
What the hell
are you doing?!
You know what?
Screw it.
I'm quitting
this industry.
I have quit a lot of industries,though.
I'm reconsidering.
Guess what.
I'm back, babies!
Aah!
You know what?
I'm quitting this body.
I have quit a lot of bodies,
though.
I'm reconsidering.
[ Screaming ]
10 years ago,
we met within the hallowed
and ultimately unprofitable
walls of this Chuck E. Cheese.
The ball pit gave life
to our friendship.
But it also gave life
to a super fungus
that blinded an entire
Little League team
and closed the doors
forever.
And now we immortalize
our friendship
with some
light vandalism.
Ugh, Toshi,
that sucks.
Announcer: That's right, Banksy.
"American Dad's"
calling you a hack!
Reveal your identity
and fight us.
"American Dad" --
We are...
[ Gravely voice ]
Who disturbs my slumber?
[ Boys screaming ]
Aah!
You vandalized
my beautiful home!
It wasn't my idea!
Uh, Snot, Barry, and Toshimade me do it!
[ Julia Child's voice ]
Whoa, you turned on
your friends so fast.
I didn't even get to...
[ Gravely voice ] ...clamp
your balls in a mouse trap.
Clamp their balls,
not mine!
T-They can't be far.I'll -- I'll help you find them.
Toshi lives closest.I say we go there first.
[ Gasps ]And we can trap Barrywith food.
He'll eat himself to deathlike a goldfish.
There's a lot of fightin Snot,
but we can nab himwhen he's weakest --
right afterhe sells his plasma.
Nah,
I've got rat stuff to do.
Good luck digging yourself
out of this hole, Steve.
How do you know
my name?
Uh...
[ Julia Child's voice ]
Chuck E. Cheese knows
all the children's names.
So...should we report the guy inthe rat costume
assaulting kids?
[ Chuckles ]
I'm more concerned about
the rat in the guy costume
assaulting friendships.
-Snotter --
-Don't Snotter me.
You betrayed us!
I haven't felt this betrayedsince "Scrubs" moved to ABC!
How old were you
when that happened?
Well, how old am I now and whenwas that, and now subtract.
Think, Snot.
Think!
This bad blood --
this is on you!
Snot, please take me back
as a friend.
I can't get Bluetooth to sync,
but pretend it's playing
your favorite Matisyahu song.
So I should just pretend
his entire catalogue is playingat the same time?
Fat chance!
You backstabbed usduring Friendiversary!
0-for-3.
I'd say you're 3-for-3
at losing your friends.
Perfect record, bud.
Thanks for puttinga positive spin on it.
Looks like you'rethe only friend I have left.
We all make mistakes, but life
is like a game of squash.
You got to
keep on whackin'.
I forgot all about
your tournament.
Rotten Steve!
You stop that right now.
I doubt there's even time
to enter the tournament.
Well,
we could make the cutoff.
But we wouldn't be able to
take my friend Nancy's
hot aerobics class
before.
Would you
be willing to play
without taking Nancy's
hot aerobics, Steve?
Honestly,
we won't be as loose.
Okay.I'll be your squash partner.
You're giving me a second chance
at friendship,
and this time,I'm gonna do it right.
Oh!
-You're doing it wrong!
Damn it, Steve,
clear a path!
You got it, friend.
Get a clue, Steve.
[Bleep]
Well played, Chip.
Your serve.
Hey, Rog, the kid'sall covered in welts.
-Your serve, Chip.
-How about we call it?
How about you serve,
Chip?
[ Sighs ]
Okay, Steve, clear that path
and we got this.
[ Slow motion ]
Clear a path!
Path!
Clear it!
Aah!
[Bleep]
Hell of a game.
Nice backhand today, Bob.
My partner
just didn't have it.
Is he gonna be okay?
Are you gonna be okay?
Hey, you just worry about
the next round.
Go win this thing.
What are we doing next?
I don't understand.
You're acting like
we're friends,
but you're bad at squash.
What am I missing here?
You're missing
high-quality backpacks
made out of
recycled materials!
-I am?
-[ Mockingly ] "I am?"
[ Laughs ]
Just kidding.
Step inside.
I'll hook you up.
-Steve, I'm gonna do this.
-I'll come with.
[ Mockingly ] "I'll come with."[ Laughs ]
You're worse than this guy.
-You stay.
You are really funny.
[ Dog barking ]
They don't make bones like thisanymore.
Damn right.
So, what's the next step?
Renovations?
-And cover up these bones?
Mr. S, are you the stupidestperson I've ever met?
-Jeff!
-No, he's right.
I spoke out of turn.
Go on, Jeff.
It's time to
flip this house,
and I recommend we only considerall-cash offers.
A goddamn master.
[ Groans ]
I wish you weren't married,
Chip.
I bet your wife doesn't do this,Chip.
[ Warbling ]
Wakey, wakey.
I made you
breakfast in bed.
It's cold because
it's almost dinnertime.
-Okay, we need to talk.
-Best friend talk.
-Shut up and listen to me.
-Best friend listen.
Our so-called "friendship"was based on
a mutual love of squash,which you didn't share.
This is over.
But --
But you're my only friend!
No.
Now clear a path.
Sure thing, buddy.
[ Laughs ]
See?
We can make this work.
You've got a clingy friend
on your hands, bro.
[ Scoffs ]I'm gonna head over to the pier
and work onmy robot man routine.
Everything will be normalby the time I get back.
Ahh, there's so many sick piers
in Tampa.
My boy Vance
basically lives there.
He makes bank selling
butterfly knives to tourists.
Nobody believesyou have friends in Tampa.
Oh, yeah? Then where did I get
skin cancer, smart guy?
[ Coaster riders screaming ]
Beep, boop,
beep, beep, boop.
Beep, boop, boop, beep...
Dad,
that robot wants money.
...beep, beep,
boop, boop, beep...
Stay away from him.
These guys have diseases.
Shut up!
You don't know me.
You're just
a lucky guesser.
Beep, boop, beep --
I'm Robot Man's best friend,
Gold Boy.
[ Whispering ]
It's me -- Steve.
[ Robot voice ]
Get lost, Gold Boy.
[ Normal voice ]
No can do.
I'm your sidekick
for all eternity.
[ Whispering ]
And in real life, too.
-Beep, boop!
-Aah!
Beep.
[ Knock on door ]
Hello! Welcome.
So, it's protective bootiesfor everyone.
I'm sure you've noticedthe bones.
Huh?
So, we're asking
potential buyers
for a heartfelt letter outliningwhy you should get the house.
Sorry, I thought
this house was abandoned.
See,
my girlfriend has diarrhea,
and I wanted to
shoot up a little.
Damn it!No one wants this house.
Nobody cares about bones.
Jeff screwed us!
Jeffrey,
is this true?
Did you screw us?
Looks like I did,
Mr. S.
Okay,
you can kill him.
Run, babe!
We're all gonna needfresh booties to go back in!
[ Gargling ]
I can't
get rid of Steve.
[ Chuckles ]Courtney, my boy in Tampa,
he had a clinger like this.
Florida State girl.
You know how that goes.
Actually, I don't,
and neither do you
because none of those people
exist.
I have an actual crisis!
What did you expect?
You blew up his entire supportsystem for a squash partner.
[ Doorknob rattles ]Steve: Roger, you in there?
You going wee-wee?
What do I do, Klaus?
Instead of losing Steve,
you should be reuniting himwith his old friends.
[ Drill whirs ]
Peek-a-boo!
Aah!
You got me, buddy!
How can I reunite Steve
and his friends?
Well, to learn about that, youhave to learn about friendship,
and if you want tolearn about friendship,
we have to go
to Tampa.
There's no way
you have friends in Tampa.
But a little trip to get away
from Steve, I'm in.
Pack for the heat.You got any tank tops?
I have a framed sleeveless
Aaron Rodgers jersey.
Hmm.Do you own a glass cutter?
I do,
but it's also framed.
Okay, grab both frames
and we'll figure it outon the way to the airport.
♪♪
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Steve won't stop texting.
"In line at
a goat cheese sale.
Pick you up a log?"
Can you believe
this guy?
"Two logs."
Relax.
Steve just has toreunite with his old friends,
and once you see how tight
me and my boys are,
you'll know how to
make that happen.
Now stop worrying and take inthese Florida swamps.
Wow,
so these are the people
who decide who's president
every time.
We gon' make Hulk Hogan
president!
You know best!
There's a doorbell.
[ Electricity crackles,
sour notes play ]
When you show up
at a friend's house,
make sure you bring
a fancy gift.
Here, give these blunt wraps
to Big Ed.
You're gonna
love these dudes.
They're so funny.
'Sup?
Whoa, no way.
Your friends arereal.
Look at this. There's an inside,and more guys!
This is my boy, Roger.
He's chill.
He's here to learn about
friendship.
-'Sup?
Whoa, Klaus' storiesare for real?
I can't believe it.Astroturf rug -- check.
Unlicensedexotic animal storage -- check.
The fan that's never on
despite it being120 degrees in here -- check.
But surely the torn posterwas a work of fiction.
[ Gasps ]
The torn poster!
In all its glory.
Please, please take me tothe toilet Big Ed cracked
when he sat on it
backwards.
What the hell
are you doing out there?
What? I was chill.
Was I not chill?
No,
you're being all crazy.
What was that bullshit
about the fan?
I told you that
in confidence.
Okay, sorry.
[ Sighs ]
I'm chill now.
[ Snake hissing ]Holy [bleep] is thatthe water moccasin
Vance took to the Orlandopremier of "Scary Movie 4"?!
Pull yourself together,
man.
Grab a room-temperature Otterpopfrom the lighter drawer
and just...cool out.
I'll go try to smooth it over
with the guys.
Roger,
where are you going?
We haven't solved
your Steve problem.
I thinkI got my problem solved.
[ Engine starts ]
♪ Y'all gon' make me
lose my mind ♪
♪ Up in here
My mom and dad
are gonna kill us!
Francine: These walls
won't hold forever!
[ Sledgehammer slamming ]
This is all my fault,babe.
I never knew anythingabout flipping houses.
I just wantedto be closer to you.
Oh, babe.
I love you
for who you are.
Old-Timey Narrator:
And so ends
the greatest love story
ever told.
♪♪
♪ Y'all gon' make me
act a fool ♪
♪ Up in here, up in here
Roger,
you returned to me!
♪ Y'all gon' make me
lose my cool ♪
♪ Up in here, up in here
-Whose car is this?
-Buckle up.
We're going to
a Friendiversary event.
Oh, those guysdon't want to see me.
Of course
they want to see you.
You're gonna save their lives.
-Huh?
♪ 'Cause you a soft type --
What ♪
I figured out how to reunite youwith your friends.
♪ Dog is a dog,
blood's thicker than water ♪
I put a water moccasin
into the Chesterbrook pool,
and then I invited your friendsto play Marco Polo
with Olympic great
Michael Phelps.
People will believe anything
in a Facebook invite.
Fake news!
Oh, my God,why would you do that?!
So you can save their lives
and prove your loyalty.
[ Tires screech ]
Go get your friends back.
When Michael Phelps
shows up,
please don't tell himI'm sitting on six pool noodles.
[ Panting ]
Get out of the pool!
There's a deadly snake!
Save it, Steve.
I know I betrayed you,
but you got to believe me!
Save it.
You don't need to pretendto save our lives.
We already forgive you,Steve.
What?
Y-You do?
We got to talking,
and a giant rat
grabbing us,
we all would've blabbed.
I can't believe
I got my best friends back.
You were saying somethingabout a snake?
Oh, my God, the snake!
Roger:
What's taking so long?
[ Hisses ]
Loud batch of Natty Ice.
Oh, I dumped the wrong cooler.
There's no snake in here.
Roger must've lied
to reunite us.
Barry: Guys, look!
I'm swimming!
It's a Friendiversary miracle!
Snake!
[ Screams ]
Man down!
We need to find the biteand suck out the venom!
All: Ooh!
Inner thigh.
[ Sighs ]
I'll do it.
No.
We're best friends,
and we'll all
suck out the venom.
♪♪
Roger: I think I finally
understand friendship.
Old-Timey Narrator:
And so ends
the greatest love story
ever told.
Have a great night!